that's how you do proper what I do
that's like a fresh bratwurst never
froze I think B froze long as you call
them out but I've caught up a sweet
Vidalia onion put them in a steam pans
first and get a good light beer and then
we'll put them on the grill I just put
them over direct heat put this pan and
let them warm up
they'll come up steam ball these brats a
little bit you don't want to roll them
boil them but you just want them to get
some good moisture going in them didn't
as they get cooked through
I'll take them and grill them off
directly on the grape but it's a real
good simple recipe for some Wisconsin
beer box
over here I just got some Greek seasoned
onions and peppers we'll serve these
along with the brats but I'm gonna put a
little butter in here and get this on
the fire let it melt down cook down a
good flavor
all right my bots been all about 30
minutes and as you say they're simmered
away that's the color I want peppers and
onions cooked down what I'm gonna now
take them off then I'll put them back on
as people want to eat them and sear them
off and get them ready they'll stay hot
and juicy because the ball keep going
keep slowly cooking and getting warm
now I'm just gonna sear them all get the
color on them they'll be nice and juicy
that's how you do beer brats peppers and
onions it takes about two half three
minutes on each side I'll just kind of
look at them they're already sticking
they're already starting to get colors I
really just want to mark them up that
turns all brown